There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977) You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. (C.A.R. Hoare) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray)

There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) Microsoft has a new version out, Windows XP, which according to everybody is the ‘most reliable Windows ever.’ To me, this is like saying that asparagus is ‘the most articulate vegetable ever.’ (Dave Barry) Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window. (Steve Wozniak) A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon)

Ready, fire, aim: the fast approach to software development. Ready, aim, aim, aim, aim: the slow approach to software development. (Anonymous) In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is. (Jeff Atwood) Computers are getting smarter all the time. Scientists tell us that soon they will be able to talk to us. (And by ‘they’, I mean ‘computers’. I doubt scientists will ever be able to talk to us.) (Dave Barry) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery)

There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) I don’t care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! (Vidiu Platon) If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. (Robert X. Cringely) Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. (Louis Srygley) To iterate is human, to recurse divine. (L. Peter Deutsch)